Add draft from TODO (#73)
ElektraInitiative/opensesame: doc/usecases/assigned/nextcloud_talk.md

> # Nextcloud chat commands to Opensesame 

Reviewer: Name of title and file name should be the same. Capitalization can be improved:

```suggestion
# Nextcloud Chat Commands For Opensesame
```

Or why not shorter:

```suggestion
# Talk With Nextcloud
```

## Summary

- **Scope:** Nextcloud Talk
- **Level:** User Goal

> - **Actors** System, Nextcloud chat

Reviewer: The actors should be used below.

```suggestion
- **Actors** user, chat (Nextcloud Talk)
```

- **Brief:** Allow configuration of system via Nextcloud talk
- **Assignee:** Jannis
- **Status:** Assigned

## Scenarios

- **Precondition:** 
	- The device is on grid.
- **Main Success Scenario:** 

>     - It is possible to trigger the actions Open door and light on/off via the Nextcloud talk chat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The user triggers the actions open door and light on/off via the chat.
```

    - The user can ask about enabled/disabled modules in the chat. 
	- The PIN code can be reconfigured in the chat.
- **Error scenario:**
	- The communication with Nextcloud doesn't work.
- **Postcondition:**
	- Bidirectional connection with Nextcloud talk chat.
- **Further Requirements:**

> 	- Module is extenable such that new chat commands can be introduced later.

Reviewer: :+1: 

```suggestion
	- Module is extensible such that new chat commands can be introduced later.
```
